In Fedora 10's default configuration, you should do

  chcon -t textrel_shlib_t *.plug
  for bedplug in  *.plug;  do semanage fcontext -a -t textrel_shlib_t $bedplug ;done

to make the plugins generally usable. For that reason most 'plugins' are compiled in the main program.

backward.plug: 
	backward filter. 
	This filter tries to reverse the direction of the last applied filter.        

cut.plug:
 Contains two procedures:
 	cutselect: implements the usual cut editor function
	insertpast: implements the usual editor past function 
 Both are very inefficient. Undoing the operation requires more then one step.

datatypeinfo.plug
	Gives information on active datatype.

disass.plug
	Contains the procedures disassembler and nextdisassem.
	Disassembles one machine code instruction at the cursor position to 
	assembler code and shows it at the message line. Makes use of gdb.

ebcdic2ascii.plug
	contains datatypes ebcdic2ascii and ascii2ebcdic to translate from ebcdic 
	to ascii and back. ebcdic2ascii shows an ebcdic like it normally shows
	ascii. 
encodechar.sh: shell script to make the sources of character translation
	plugins like ebcdic2ascii.plug

elftables32.plug
	Shows elf section tables. Doesn't run on 64 bit linux, but doesn't read
	64 bit elf executables.
	gotosymbol is to used to jump to the offset in a object file were 
	a symbol is defined.
	The procedures section,dynsym and symtab should be used in combination 
	with elf datatypes you can find in the bed/misc directory and load with
	prockey readcontain: sectionheader.bedda symtab.bedda and dynsym.bedda.
	See README.txt in the bed/misc directory.

file.plug
	Uses the unix program "file" to guess the filetype of the data starting at
	the current cursor position.

filter.plug
	Filters selection through program

index2table.plug
	Used to show procedure names in symbol table.

putselect.plug
	Plugin uses Xwindow systems selection and clipboard interface. 
	Contains the procedures: pastclipboard, pastselection, copyclipboard,
	makeselection, pastspecial and exportselection.
	
rxvt.plug
	Contains rxvtmenu. Adds rxvt menu so that in a rxvt terminal you can
	remove the scrollbar, reverse video change fonts.

searchclip.plug
	Contains procedures compare and searchclip. To compare selection and
	and search for the content bed's copy buffer in a file.	

subtract.plug
	Datatype Substract  that contains of the Signed datatype with a certain 
	number subtracted from every number.

switchsize.plug
	Contains procedure switchsize that maximizes or minimizes the terminal
	size.

title.plug
	Set file and program information on xwindows title bars on switch of
	file.

undoall.plug
	Contains procedures redo and undo. Repeatedly calls undo/redo until 
	nothing is left to undo/redo.


Just programming examples good for nothing:
	char2.plug
	install.plug
	newdata.plug
	oldsigned.plug
	unsigned.plug
